docs: improve docs (#2891)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/guides/code-splitting.md

## Entry Points

> This is by far the easiest and most intuitive way to split code. However, it is more manual and has some pitfalls we will go over. Let's take a look at how we might split another module from the main bundle:

Reviewer: I think there has to be a comma, but after and before `by far`. Any grammar experts around?

Author: @EugeneHlushko yes, I also think after `by far` it makes sense, but then we must have it after `intuitive` as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is by far, the easiest and the most intuitive way to split code. However, it is more manual and has some pitfalls we will go over. Let's take a look at how we might split another module from the main bundle:
```

> This is by far, the easiest and the most intuitive way to split code. However, it is more manual and has some pitfalls we will go over. Let's take a look at how we might split another module from the main bundle:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This is by far the easiest and most intuitive way to split code. However, it is more manual and has some pitfalls we will go over. Let's take a look at how we might split another module from the main bundle:
```

Reviewer: 👍

Once you start splitting your code, it can be useful to analyze the output to check where modules have ended up. The [official analyze tool](https://github.com/webpack/analyse) is a good place to start. There are some other community-supported options out there as well:

- [webpack-chart](https://alexkuz.github.io/webpack-chart/): Interactive pie chart for webpack stats.

> - [webpack-visualizer](https://chrisbateman.github.io/webpack-visualizer/): Visualize and analyze your bundles to see which modules are taking up space and which might be duplicate.

Reviewer: Are you sure about this one? Modules (many) -> duplicates.

Author: ```suggestion
- [webpack-visualizer](https://chrisbateman.github.io/webpack-visualizer/): Visualize and analyze your bundles to see which modules are taking up space and which are maybe duplicates.
```
@EugeneHlushko Though, might is used with past. New solution makes more sense.

> - [webpack-visualizer](https://chrisbateman.github.io/webpack-visualizer/): Visualize and analyze your bundles to see which modules are taking up space and which are maybe duplicates.

Reviewer 3: This change is not needed.

Author: @EugeneHlushko @montogeek @rishabh3112 What do you think?

Author: @EugeneHlushko @montogeek @rishabh3112 What do you think?

Reviewer: i like `might be` better, in terms of how it reads

Author: @EugeneHlushko suggestion implemented

> - [webpack-visualizer](https://chrisbateman.github.io/webpack-visualizer/): Visualize and analyze your bundles to see which modules are taking up space and which are might be duplicates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [webpack-visualizer](https://chrisbateman.github.io/webpack-visualizer/): Visualize and analyze your bundles to see which modules are taking up space and which might be duplicates.
```

Reviewer: I ment revert to original, it looks better to me than what we had, do you think we can remove that `are` ?

Author: @EugeneHlushko I think with `are` it's better. Though in my opinion. `are maybe` is better, but I am ready to revert if you say.

Reviewer: i've asked around, we can keep are
